Improve README (#217)
1Password/shell-plugins: README.md

<picture align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/227194559-57c73a9e-51df-4d42-b9f0-8b6dd011ae7b.png" alt="Header" >

> </picture>

Author: Hmm, I think I know what you mean, but that is built inside the picture which I did not touch because is marketing material.  The picture itself should be entered due to `align=center` directive.

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://1password.com">

>     <h1 align="center">1Password Shell Plugins</h1>

Reviewer: The `h1` and `h2` tags add an additional line, which looks a bit messy in combination with the line below:

<img width="995" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7430639/227497740-979104a4-0f95-48d4-bfd7-927ba093d6b2.png">

I think the current one looks a bit cleaner:

<img width="919" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7430639/227497324-c80f897a-1542-469a-96fa-fe454c13160e.png">

Maybe try leaving it an `h3` tag instead?

Author: Changed it back to h3

  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
 <h4 align="center"> Authenticate any CLI with your fingerprint </h4>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/"><img alt="Get Started" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226940040-16d3684b-60f4-4d95-adb2-5757a8f1bc15.png" height="37" /></a>

>   <a href="https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/contribute"><img alt="Build" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226941089-473be407-5417-48e3-8710-55b2d4ec761a.png" height="37" /></a>

Reviewer: "Build"? Build what? The Go code?

Reviewer: I'd say:
- `Contribute`
- `Contribute a Plugin`
- `Build Your Own Plugin`
- `Build a Plugin`

Author: I changed it to `Contribute`

>   <a href="https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/contribute"><img alt="Build" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226941089-473be407-5417-48e3-8710-55b2d4ec761a.png" height="37" /></a>

Reviewer: If these buttons are designed images anyway, we might as well use a nice Knox button, right?

Reviewer: The style used in the homepage could be nice: https://1password.com/

Author: created new issue to track this iteratively: https://github.com/1Password/shell-plugins/issues/237

</p>
<br/>

---

> Eliminate plaintext credentials in your home directory. Automatically authenticate every CLI you use with [1Password CLI](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/) + [Shell Plugins](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/). Approve temporary credential usage in your terminal with biometrics.

Reviewer: Probably just personal preference, but I think "No more XYZ" comes across more friendly than "Eliminate XYZ". Feel free to resolve this comment, but just putting it out there.

Author: Agreed, done!

> ## 🪄 Quick demo

Author: I like that, done!

<p align="center">
  <picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/227191964-9629476d-a49e-475d-b8cb-2115c302025d.gif">

>    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/227197994-6fdb2cad-c240-4cb7-ba4c-77f2483606ab.gif" alt="Example of 1Password Shell Plugins with AWS: user runs an `aws` command, a Touch ID prompt shows up, and `aws` is automatically authenticated" style="max-width: 100%; display: inline-block;" />

Reviewer: This video is very low res. Also, the shadow/glow gets truncated. I'd say only add a shadow if you can ensure a smooth transition between the shadow and the background.

<img width="283" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7430639/227500087-89c1b2a3-9142-4b68-bc41-109970b98797.png">

Reviewer: Also, realizing now: what does this video do that the current one doesn't?

Author: The changes introduced mainly came from interviewing people. Some folks did not like the previous video because it didn't quite look as a terminal, because it was too wide and without round edges. Also people expressed interest in the shadow. However, I didn't find a way to implement these features in MD so as a workaround I recorded a terminal that casts shadows on a white background.

Reviewer: I like the idea of making improving the cosmetics to make it feel more like a terminal window, but that new version should then not make the status quo cosmetically worse by lowering the resolution and truncating the shadow.

Author: If we feel this needs further improvements, we could iteratively change only this gif

</picture>
</p>

## 🚀 Get started with the available plugins
<p align="center">
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226968760-70d3f6b0-a3eb-4c75-a674-6fd136d7149a.png">

>   <img alt="Picture changing depending on light mode." src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226969008-0a3f7537-7942-442f-9170-18b008a6574c.png">

Reviewer: Some comment here about the low res image. In fact: should this even be an image? Maybe we can use `li` tags?

> </picture>

Reviewer 2: Love these logos on the homepage 😍

> </picture>

Author: done, thanks!

  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226968760-70d3f6b0-a3eb-4c75-a674-6fd136d7149a.png">

  <img alt="Picture changing depending on light mode." src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/45081667/226969008-0a3f7537-7942-442f-9170-18b008a6574c.png">

</picture>
See all...
</a>
</p>

<br/>

> ## 🔩 Don’t see yours? Contribute! <sup><b><a href="#-beta-notice">[BETA]</a></b></sup>

Reviewer 3: I noticed that the "Contributions Beta Notice" section was moved to the CONTRIBUTING.md file but the hyperlink isn't removed here. Should we remove the link completely, or link to [here](https://github.com/1Password/shell-plugins/blob/andi_t/readme-revamp/CONTRIBUTING.md#-contributions-beta-notice)? I am thinking the latter.

Author: Very well spotted @arunsathiya , thanks! Done!

> Is your favorite CLI not listed yet? Learn [how to build a new plugin](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/contribute) yourself and then open a PR on this repository to get it added to 1Password!

Reviewer: "added to 1Password" sounds a bit vague to me. A way to clarify this would be something like:

```suggestion
Is your favorite CLI not listed yet? Learn [how to build a new plugin](https://developer.1password.com/docs/cli/shell-plugins/contribute) yourself and then open a PR on this repository to get it included in the 1Password CLI!
```

Author: Done!

**Quick start:** clone this repo and run
```shell

> make new-plugin

Reviewer: Nit: I'd say `clone or fork this repo`. Because you can't create PRs from cloned repos.

Author: Done!

```

> Still not sure where or how to get started? We're happy to help! You can:

Author: I rephrased the second let's get started to "not sure where to begin?" I also agree with the rest of the suggestions but I feel the paragraph pretty much contains all of those right now.

- Book a free [pairing session](https://calendly.com/d/grs-x2h-pmb/1password-shell-plugins-pairing-session) with one of our developers
- Join the [Developer Slack workspace](https://join.slack.com/t/1password-devs/shared_invite/zt-1halo11ps-6o9pEv96xZ3LtX_VE0fJQA), and ask us any questions there

## 💙 Community & Support

- File an [issue](https://github.com/1Password/shell-plugins/issues/new/choose) for bugs and feature requests
- Join the [Developer Slack workspace](https://join.slack.com/t/1password-devs/shared_invite/zt-1halo11ps-6o9pEv96xZ3LtX_VE0fJQA)

> - Subscribe to the [Developer Newsletter](https://1password.com/dev-subscribe/)

Author: We structured it more like: 
1. support for contributing goes in the contribution section
2. support for something else goes in support section
The exception is Developer Slack Workspace which is very important for people to notice and to join and hence we'll allow a repetition for it

## 📣 Contributions Beta Notice

> The 1Password Shell Plugins ecosystem is still in beta. In practice, this means that if you're building your own plugins locally, you'll likely have to recompile them on occasion to keep up with the latest updates of the 1Password CLI.

Author: Done, thx
